my guest tonight is to this holiday what
the bunny is to Easter he is a man of
many talents please say hello to the uno
and only Snoop Dogg hi Snoop what it do
Jimmy was that in which you happy 4/20
baby
yeah snoop how does I know this is a day
of great worship for you and a very
sacred day how is 4/20 different from
every other day for you well for me it's
the day that a lot of people could come
out people that's really been in the
closet a lot of people that really can't
do it as much as me or can't really do
it and and really feel good about it
this is the day that well you could do
it no one's gonna say nothing about you
everybody's gonna celebrate and
everybody gonna be hi so you're gonna be
you don't feel it fit right in
no one in the world can do it as much as
you have you ever been out smoked by
anyone Willie Nelson is the only one
ever gave me
he got me once upon a time on 4/20 and
after damn and I couldn't take with
Snoopy you figure out a way to have fun
no matter what is going on you've been
hosting these roller skating parties
from your house on Instagram and people
come and are you in like have you been
rollerskating your whole life I mean
since I was a kid but you know I had
stopped for time but I'm back on it like
I wanted and you know just to do it it
feels good to people to you know be able
to skate with us virtually and to feel
like they really in a skating ring to
really get their groove on the good
music the good vibes the good roll this
game what's the best song to roller
skate to bounce rock skate by Vaughn
Mason nice I know you've been playing a
lot of video games in fact you this is a
video that I'd like to ask you about EA
Sports Your Mother server is down get
that back up we're trying to play so
watch them up at home that's locked and
loaded right now fixed bill gates
why did you sing aloud bill gates I'm
pretty sure there's nothing to do his
sports well Bill Gates is the microscope
right so Microsoft actually is the
platform that Xbox is played on
so whenever the surveil you know I
naturally call out the bosses I don't
want to call out the employees I want to
call out the and did it work oh boy did
it it came back on 20 minutes later you
just my rebuttal my nice video for those
who didn't see it I wanted to get your
follow-up yes snoop you're solving
problems all over the world I'm going to
take a break right now we come back I'm
going to ask you some questions written
specifically for this holiday April 20th
okay we'll be back with Snoop Dogg in
moments I am joined by Snoop Dogg from
the doghouse Snoop is enjoying the
holiday how you feeling right now
see I'm feeling real good I'm relaxed
quarantined I'm hydrated but the first
word is high so I'm high and rated at
the same time and rated and what variety
are you smoking is it an indica is it a
sativa what do you have going there
strictly indica I do the the Bubblegum I
do the Kush I do the Louis oh gee Louie
213 you know it's got to be great a with
me and is it true that the indica
relaxes you where the sativa does the
opposite
I believe so for me and Mike metabolism
therefore my my body I believe that uh
in settled all the way down that's why I
been so mad so a year always been able
to stay control you know know what the
situation is all right I have a question
for you since it's 4/20 and you are
partaking right now and I'd love to get
your answer to this what does water
taste like when you hire or not any time
well when you hire taste like whatever
you it's like if you taste like a some
alcohol some potato chips cake it could
taste like whatever you want cuz you can
make your mind have the mind state to do
whatever it needs to be done snoop what
is the best
cereal oh that's a great question the
best breakfast cereal when I was a kid
was probably cookie crisp and honeycomb
and as I got older I'd have to say
Captain Crunch with the Bears that's
when your palate matured you started
eating the Captain Crunch with the
Perry's well you get a little fruit in
there
speaking of fruit what is the best fruit
to make a pipe out of well I'll tell you
about this man named from the weightless
I went to Jamaica and he had me come
over his house and he pulled out a
carrot and he was smoking out of a
carrot and it was the best smoke I ever
had him up looked like the top end of it
he made it like will you put the the
weed in the top of the the fat part of
it
carrot and in the shape the bottom of it
it was amazing I loved I mean that's a
vegetable technically but I like that
it's like Snoop Dogg and nugs Bunny or
something like that
a carrot wow that is a great 20 tip
snoop snoop you know I'm gonna be making
a donation to the charity of each of our
guests choice your charity is the snoop
Youth Football League correct yes sir
and you guys are doing something special
for special-needs kids right now yes we
have the snoop special stars we've been
around for three years and we've been
providing after-school programs for them
flag football we've been having them
intermingle it's become you know regular
and out of the house has not be so
secluded so that's what we've been doing
and making those kids love like every
other kid Snoop yfl dotnet is the
website to learn about it Thank You
snoop Appling for 22 years Thank You
Jimmy happy for 22 yards thank you so
much Jimmy Kimmel biz